Gu Lao, are you mistaken?
The only one who has the body of a true dragon
He's a little imposing
Not worth mentioning at all.
That doesn't make any sense.
Haha, well.
What about the returnees?
Forget about Gu Lao
Today's banquet was organized by Ye Shao
Up to the banquet
Down to decoration
It's all Ye Shao Qingwei
Only now is there a lively and peaceful state
That's a big credit.
The old man thanks Ye Shao and father
Just a thank you banquet
I can't express my love for you at all.
Reverence cannot be sung
Your great achievements
What Ye Shao said is very true
All of you here have benefited from Ye Lao's wonderful hand rejuvenation
To come together now
Love and Reason
Everyone should say something
It is said that you were seriously injured 3 years ago
You have to be old to take your life
So your thank you must be very valuable
The most important thing is sincerity
If there is no truth
Blindly just keep up with the competition
Then it's expensive.
Are worthless
What a coincidence
I really prepared a thank you gift for Mr. Gu